Table of Contents
At thefoundationof theNViDlA accelerated computingplatformareour GPUs,whichexcel atparallelworkloadssuchasthe training
andinferencingofneuralnetworks.TheyareavailableintheNviDlAacceleratedcomputingplatformandinindustrystandard
servers from every major cloud provider and server maker. Beyond GPUs, our data center platform expanded to include DPUs in
fiscal year 2022 and CPUs in fiscal year 2024.We canoptimize across the entire computing,networking and storage stack to deliver
datacenter-scalecomputingsolutions.
While our approach starts with powerful chips, what makes it a full-stack computing platform is our large body of software, including
the CUDA parallel programming model, the CUDA-X collection of acceleration libraries, APIs, SDKs, and domain-specific application
frameworks.
In addition to software delivered to customers as an integral part of ourdata center computingplatform,we offerpaid licenses to
desktopsandworkstations.
Infiscalyear2024，welaunchedtheNViDlADGXCloud，anAl-training-as-a-serviceplatformwhichincludes cloud-based
infrastructure and softwareforAl,customizablepretrainedAlmodels,andaccess toNviDlAexperts.Wehave partneredwith
Gaming
Our gaming platforms leverage our GPUs and sophisticated software to enhance the gaming experience with smoother, higher
qualitygraphics.WedevelopedNVIDlARTXtobringnextgenerationgraphicsandAltogames.NViDlARTXfeaturesraytracing
technology for real-time, cinematic-quality rendering. Ray tracing, which has long been used for special effects in the movie industry,
generated scenes. NVIDIA RTX also features deep learning super sampling, or NVIDIA DLSS, our Al technology that boosts frame
rates while generating beautiful, sharp images for games. RTX GPUs will also accelerate a new generation of Al applications. With
an installed base of over 100 million Al capable PCs, more than 500 RTX Al-enabled applications and games, and a robust suite of
development tools, RTX is already the Al PC leader.
Our products for the gaming market include GeForce RTX and GeForce GTX GPUs for gaming desktop and laptopPCs, GeForce
ProfessionalVisualization
WeservetheProfessionalVisualizationmarketbyworkingcloselywithindependentsoftwarevendors,orISVs,tooptimizetheir
offerings for NVIDIA GPUs.Our GPU computing platform enhances productivity and introduces new capabilities for critical workflows
aided design, architectural design, consumer-products manufacturing, medical instrumentation, and aerospace. Digital content
creation includes professional video editing and post-production, special effects for films, and broadcast-television graphics.
The NVIDlA RTX platform makes it possible to render film-quality,photorealistic objects and environments with physically accurate
developed by our ecosystem partners now support RTX, allowing professionals to accelerate and transform their workflows with
NVIDIARTXGPUsandsoftware.
We offer NvIDlA Omniverse as a development platform and operating system for building virtual world simulation applications,
available as a software subscription for enterprise use and free for individual use. Industrial enterprises are adopting Omniverse's 3D
and simulation technologies to digitalize their complex physical assets, processes, and environments － building digital twins of
factories, real time 3D product configurators, testing and validating autonomous robots and vehicles, powered by NViDIA
accelerated computing infrastructure on-premises and in the cloud.
Automotive
Automotive market is comprised of platform solutions for automated driving and in-vehicle cockpit computing. Leveraging our
technology leadership in Al and building on our long-standing automotive relationships, we are delivering a complete end-to-end
solutionfortheAVmarketundertheDRIVEHyperionbrand.WehavedemonstratedmultipleapplicationsofAlwithinthecar:Al can
drivethecaritself asapilotinfullyautonomousmodeorit canalsobeaco-pilot,assisting thehumandriver whilecreating asafer
driving experience.
6