Table of Contents
Revenue Recognition
RevenueAllowances
Forproductssoldwitharightofreturn,werecordareductiontorevenuebyestablishingasalesreturnallowancefor estimated
product returns at the time revenue is recognized, based primarily on historical return rates. However, if product returns for a fiscal
period are anticipated to exceed historical return rates, we may determine that additional sales return allowances are required to
althoughwemayapprovereturnsforcreditorrefundbasedonapplicablefactsandcircumstances.
We account for customer programs,which involve rebates and marketing development funds,as a reduction in revenue and accrue
for such programs based on the amount we expect to be claimed by customers. Certain customer programs include distributor price
incentives orotherchannelprogramsforspecificproductsandcustomerclasseswhichrequirejudgementas towhether the
applicable incentives will be attained. Estimates for customer program accruals include a combination of historical attainment and
claim rates and may be adjusted based on relevant internal and external factors.
LicenseandDevelopmentArrangements
performed. Each fiscal reporting period, we measure progress to completion based on actual cost incurred to date as a percentage
of the estimated total cost required to complete each project. Estimated total cost for each project includes a forecast of internal
engineer personnel time expected tobe incurred and other third-party costs as applicable.
ContractswithMultiplePerformanceObligations
obligation within a customer contract is distinct. Except for License and Development Arrangements, NVIDiA products and services
functiononastandalonebasisanddonotrequireasignificantamountofintegrationorinterdependency.Therefore，multiple
performanceobligationscontainedwithinacustomercontractareconsidereddistinctandarenotcombinedforrevenuerecognition
purposes.
a relative standalone sellingprice basis.In certaincases,we canestablishstandalonesellingpricebased ondirectlyobservable
pricesofproductsorservicessoldseparatelyincomparablecircumstancestosimilarcustomers.Ifstandalonesellingpriceisnot
directlyobservable,suchaswhenwedonotsellaproductorserviceseparately,wedeterminestandalonesellingpricebasedon
marketdataandotherobservableinputs.
ChangeinAccountingEstimate
In February 2023,we assessed the useful lives of our property, plant, and equipment.Based on advances in technology and usage
of four to five years,and assembly and test equipment from five years to seven years. The estimated effect of this change for fiscal
year 2024 was a benefit of $33 million and $102 million for cost of revenue and operating expenses, respectively, which resulted in
anincrease in operating income of $135 million and net income of $114 million after tax,or $0.05per bothbasic and diluted share.
Results of Operations
presented below.A discussionregarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal year 2023 compared to fiscal year
website,http://investor.nvidia.com.
38