Table of Contents
business.
financial condition, stock price and reputation.
Businessdisruptionscouldharmouroperationsandfinancialresults.
Climatechangemayhavealong-termimpactonourbusiness.
acquisitiontargets.
ofsales to end customers,and our revenue could be adversely affected if we lose or areprevented from selling to any of
theseendcustomers.
Wemaybe unable to attract,retain and motivate our executives and key employees.
Modification or interruption of our business processes and information systems may disrupt our business, and internal
controls.
expectations of securities analysts or investors, our stock price could decline.
Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal, Our Stock and Other Matters
Wearesubject tocomplexlaws,rules andregulations,andpoliticalandother actions,whichmayadverselyimpact our
business.
financial, reputational, or operational harm and liability.
liability.
Adequately protecting our IP rights could be costly, and our ability to compete could be harmed if we are unsuccessful or if
weareprohibitedfrommakingorsellingourproducts.
areas could damage our reputation, deter customers, affect product design, or result in legal or regulatory proceedings and
liability.
Our operating results may be adversely impacted by additional tax liabilities, higher than expected tax rates, changes in tax
laws,and other tax-related factors.
Our indebtedness could adversely affect our financial position and cash flows from operations and prevent us from
Delaware law, provisions in our governing documents and our agreement with Microsoft could delay or prevent a change in
control.
RiskFactors
Risks Related to Our Industry and Markets
Failuretomeet theevolvingneedsofourindustry andmarketsmay adverselyimpact ourfinancialresults.
Our accelerated computing platforms experience rapid changes in technology, customer requirements, competitive products, and
industrystandards.
Our success depends on our ability to:
disruptive technological innovation that could render our products incompatible with products developed by other
companies;
14