Table of Contents
immediately due and payable. Changes to our credit rating may negatively impact the value and liquidity of our securities,restrict our
ability toobtainfuturefinancing and affect thetermsof anysuchfinancing.
Delaware law and our certificate of incorporation, bylaws and agreement with Microsoft could delay or prevent a change in
control.
Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire a majority of our
actbywrittenconsentorcallspecialmeetings;advancenoticerequirementsfordirectornominationsandshareholderproposals;
agreement with Microsoft for the Xbox, if someone makes an offer to purchase at least 30% of our outstanding common stock,
Microsoft mayhavefirst and last rights of refusaltopurchase thestock.Theseprovisionscoulddelayorprevent a change incontrol
of NvIDiA, discourage proxy contests, and make it more difficult for shareholders to elect directors of their choosing and to cause us
totakeothercorporateactionstheydesire.
Item1B.UnresolvedStaffComments
Not applicable.
Item 1C. Cybersecurity
Risk management and strategy
We have in place certain infrastructure, systems,policies, and procedures that are designed to proactively and reactively address
processes outlined in frameworks such as the ISO 27oo1 international standard for Information Security and we evaluate and evolve
governance experts, on risk management and strategy.
Identifying, assessing, and managing cybersecurity risk is integrated into our overall risk management systems and processes, and
we have in place cybersecurity and data privacy training and policies designed to (a) respond to new requirements in global privacy
us evaluate cybersecurity risks that we may encounter when working with third parties that have access to confidential and other
sensitivecompanyinformation.Wetakestepsdesignedtoensurethatsuchvendorshaveimplementeddataprivacyandsecurity
controlsthathelpmitigatethecybersecurityrisksassociatedwiththesevendors.Weroutinelyassessourhigh-risksuppliers
conformance to industry standards(e.g.,ISO 27001,ISO 28001,and C-TPAT),and we evaluate themfor additional information,
product,andphysicalsecurityrequirements.
Governance
Informationsecurity matters,including managing and assessing risksfrom cybersecurity threats,remainunder the oversight of the
Company'sBoardofDirectors,ortheBoard.TheAuditCommitteeoftheBoard,or theAuditCommittee,alsoreviewstheadequacy
and effectiveness of the Company's information security policies and practices and the internal controls regarding information
security risks. The Audit Committee receives regular information security updates from management, including our Chief Security
SecurityOfficerandmembersofoursecurityteam.
Our security efforts are managed by a team of executive cybersecurity, IT, engineering, operations, and legal professionals. We have
established a cross-functional leadership team, consisting of executive-level leaders, that meets regularly to review cybersecurity
matters and evaluate emerging threats. With oversight and guidance provided by the cross-functional leadership team, our
information security teams refine our practices to address emerging security risks and changes inregulations. Our executive-level
assessmentandmanagementofmaterialrisksfromcybersecuritythreats.OurChiefSecurityOfficer'scybersecurityexpertise
31