TableofContents
Compute&Networkingsegment.If enddemand increasesorourfinishedgoodssupplyavailabilityisconcentratednearaquarter
end,the system integrators,distributors and channel partners may have limited ability toincrease their credit,which could impact the
to sell to a customer due to U.S. or other countries' trade restrictions or any difficulties in collecting accounts receivable would likely
harmourfinancialconditionandresultsofoperations.
If we areunabletoattract,retain and motivate our executivesandkey employees,ourbusiness maybeharmed.
To be competitive and execute our business strategy successfully, we must attract, retain and motivate our executives and key
employees and recruit and develop capable and diverse talent.Labor is subject to external factors that are beyond our control,
including our industry's highly competitive market for skilled workers and leaders, cost inflation and workforce participation rates.
andintimesofstockpricevolatility,aswehaveexperiencedinthepastandmayexperienceinthefuture,theretentivevalueofour
stock-basedcompensationmaydecrease.Additionally,wearehighlydependentontheservicesofourlongstandingexecutiveteam.
Failure to ensure effective succession planning, transfer of knowledge and smooth transitions involving executives and key
employees could hinder our strategicplanning and executionand long-termsuccess.
modification or interruption of such systems may disrupt ourbusiness, and internal controls.
We rely upon internal processes and information systems to support key business functions, including our assessment of internal
functionality related to a new enterprise resource planning, or ERP,system.Any ERP system implementation may introduce
and could impose substantial demands on management time. Failure to implement new or updated controls, or difficulties
encountered in their implementation, could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations.
Identificationofmaterialweaknessesinourinternalcontrols,evenifquicklyremediatedoncedisclosed,maycauseinvestorstolose
incur significant expenses, and if we fail to remediate any material weakness, our financial statements may be inaccurate, we may
adverselyaffected,our accesstothecapital markets maybe restricted,our stockprice maydecline,and we maybe subject to
sanctionsorinvestigationbyregulatoryauthorities.
Our operating results have in the past fluctuated and may in thefuture fluctuate,and if our operating results are below the
expectationsofsecuritiesanalystsorinvestors,ourstockpricecoulddecline.
investors should not rely on our past results of operations as an indication of our future performance. Additional factors that could
affect ourresults ofoperationsinclude,but arenot limited to:
our ability to complywith our contractual obligations to customers;
payments,our abilityto obtaincredit insuranceforcustomerswith extendedpayment terms,and customer bad debt write-
offs;
ourvendors'paymentrequirements;
·
unanticipatedcostsassociatedwithenvironmental liabilities;and
·
changesinfinancialaccountingstandardsorinterpretationsofexistingstandards.
and may continue to grant extended payment terms to some customers,particularly during macroeconomic downturns,which could
impactourabilitytocollectpayment.Ourvendorshaverequestedandmaycontinuetoaskforshorterpaymentterms,whichmay
impact our cash flow generation. These arrangements reduce the cash we have available for general business operations. In
24