Table of Contents
their in-vehicle deployment,as well as to re-simulate their operation prior toany over-the-air software updates.We believe our
comprehensive, top-to-bottom and end-to-end approach will enable the transportation industry to solve the complex problems arising
fromtheshifttoautonomousdriving.
technology.
SalesandMarketing
Our worldwide sales and marketing strategy is key to achieving our objective of providing markets with our high-performance and
efficient computing platforms andsoftware.Our sales and marketing teams,located across our global markets,work closelywith
specialized CSPs,OEMs,ODMs,Systemintegrators,independent software vendors,or ISVs,add-inboard manufacturers,orAIBs,
Membersofoursalesteamhavetechnicalexpertiseandproductandindustryknowledge.Wealsoemployateamofapplication
designs that incorporate our platforms. For example,our solution architects work with CSPs to provide pre-sales assistance to
foundationmodelandenterprisesoftwaredeveloperstooptimizethetrainingandfine-tuningof theirmodelsandservices,andwith
enterprise end-users, often in collaboration with their global system integrator of choice,to fine-tune models and build Al
maintaining a high level of customer satisfaction,and fostering relationships that encourage our end customers and partner network
tousethenextgenerationofourproductswithineachplatform.
To encourage the development of applications optimized for our platforms and software,we seek to establish and maintain strong
promoteanddiscussourplatforms,aswellastoascertainindividualproductrequirementsandsolve technicalproblems.Our
developer program supports the development of Al frameworks, SDKs, and APls for software applications and game titles that are
optimizedfor ourplatforms.OurDeepLearning Instituteprovides in-personandonlinetrainingfordevelopersinindustries and
organizations around the world to build Al and accelerated computing applications that leverage our platforms.
Seasonality
Our desktop gaming products typically see stronger revenue in the second half of our fiscal year. Historical seasonality trends may
not repeat.
Manufacturing
We utilize a fabless and contracting manufacturing strategy,whereby we employ and partner with key suppliers for all phases of the
manufacturing process, including wafer fabrication, assembly, testing, and packaging. We use the expertise of industry-leading
suppliers that arecertifiedby theInternationalOrganizationfor Standardization insuchareas asfabrication,assembly,quality
controland assurance,reliability,and testing.Additionally,we canavoid many of the significant costs and risks associatedwith
owning and operating manufacturing operations.While we may directly procure certainraw materials used in the production of our
materials used in the production of our products. As a result, we can focus our resources on product design, quality assurance,
components in advance of our historical lead times, pay premiums, or provide deposits to secure future supply and capacity and
mayneedtocontinuetodoso.
manufacturing capacityalignedwithgrowing customer demand.Oursupplychainisconcentrated in theAsia-Pacificregion.We
utilize foundries, such as Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited, or TSMC, and Samsung Electronics Co.,Ltd., or
Samsung, to produce our semiconductor wafers. We purchase memory from Micron Technology, Inc., SK Hynix Inc., and Samsung.
We utilize CoWoS technology for semiconductor packaging. We engage with independent subcontractors and contract
manufacturers such as Hon Hai Precision Industry Co.,Ltd., Wistron Corporation, and Fabrinet to perform assembly, testing and
packagingofourfinalproducts.
8