Table of Contents
We are working with several hundred partners in the automotive ecosystem including automakers, truck makers, tier-one suppliers,
sensor manufacturers, automotive research institutions, HD mapping companies, and startups to develop and deploy AI systems for
self-driving vehicles. Our unified AI computing architecture starts with training deep neural networks using our Data Center
computing solutions, and then running a full perception, fusion, planning, and control stack within the vehicle on the NVIDIA DRIVE
Hyperion platform. DRIVE Hyperion consists of the high-performance, energy efficient DRIVE AGX computing hardware, a reference
sensor set that supports full self-driving capability as well as an open, modular DRIVE software platform for autonomous driving,
mapping, and parking services, and intelligent in-vehicle experiences.
In addition, we offer a scalable data center-based simulation solution, NVIDIA DRIVE Sim, based on NVIDIA Omniverse software, for
digital cockpit development, as well as for testing and validating a self-driving platform. Our unique end-to-end, software-defined
approach is designed for continuous innovation and continuous development, enabling cars to receive over-the-air updates to add
new features and capabilities throughout the life of a vehicle.
Business Strategies
NVIDIA’s key strategies that shape our overall business approach include:
Advancing the NVIDIA accelerated computing platform. Our accelerated computing platform can solve complex problems in
significantly less time and with lower power consumption than alternative computational approaches. Indeed, it can help solve
problems that were previously deemed unsolvable. We work to deliver continued performance leaps that outpace Moore’s Law by
leveraging innovation across the architecture, chip design, system, interconnect, and software layers. This full-stack innovation
approach allows us to deliver order-of-magnitude performance advantages relative to legacy approaches in our target markets,
which include Data Center, Gaming, Professional Visualization, and Automotive. While the computing requirements of these end
markets are diverse, we address them with a unified underlying architecture leveraging our GPUs, CUDA and networking
technologies as the fundamental building blocks. The programmable nature of our architecture allows us to make leveraged
investments in research and development: we can support several multi-billion-dollar end markets with shared underlying technology
by using a variety of software stacks developed either internally or by third-party developers and partners. We utilize this platform
approach in each of our target markets.
Extending our technology and platform leadership in AI. We provide a complete, end-to-end accelerated computing platform for
AI, addressing both training and inferencing. This includes full-stack data center-scale compute and networking solutions across
processing units, interconnects, systems, and software. Our compute solutions include all three major processing units in AI servers
– GPUs, CPUs, and DPUs. GPUs are uniquely suited to AI, and we will continue to add AI-specific features to our GPU architecture
to further extend our leadership position. In addition, we offer DGX Cloud, an AI-training-as-a-service platform, and NeMo – a
complete solution for building enterprise-ready Large Language Models, or LLMs, using open source and proprietary LLMs created
by NVIDIA and third parties. Our AI technology leadership is reinforced by our large and expanding ecosystem in a virtuous cycle.
Our computing platforms are available from virtually every major server maker and CSP, as well as on our own AI supercomputers.
There are over 4.7 million developers worldwide using CUDA and our other software tools to help deploy our technology in our target
markets. We evangelize AI through partnerships with hundreds of universities and thousands of startups through our Inception
program. Additionally, our Deep Learning Institute provides instruction on the latest techniques on how to design, train, and deploy
neural networks in applications using our accelerated computing platform.
Extending our technology and platform leadership in computer graphics. We believe that computer graphics infused with AI is
fundamental to the continued expansion and evolution of computing. We apply our research and development resources to enhance
the user experience for consumer entertainment and professional visualization applications and create new virtual world and
simulation capabilities. Our technologies are instrumental in driving the gaming, design, and creative industries forward, as
developers leverage our libraries and algorithms to deliver an optimized experience on our GeForce and NVIDIA RTX platforms. Our
computer graphics platforms leverage AI end-to-end, from the developer tools and cloud services to the Tensor Cores included in all
RTX-class GPUs. For example, NVIDIA Avatar Cloud Engine, or ACE, is a suite of technologies that help developers bring digital
avatars to life with generative AI, running in the cloud or locally on the PC. GeForce Experience enhances each gamer’s experience
by optimizing their PC’s settings, as well as enabling the recording and sharing of gameplay. Our Studio drivers enhance and
accelerate a number of popular creative applications. Omniverse is real-time 3D design collaboration and virtual world simulation
software that empowers artists, designers, and creators to connect and collaborate in leading design applications. We also enable
interactive graphics applications - such as games, movie and photo editing and design software - to be accessed by almost any
device, almost anywhere, through our cloud platforms such as vGPU for enterprise and GeForce NOW for gaming.
Advancing the leading autonomous vehicle platform. We believe the advent of autonomous vehicles, or AV, and electric
vehicles, or EV, is revolutionizing the transportation industry. The algorithms required for autonomous driving - such as perception,
localization, and planning - are too complex for legacy hand-coded approaches and will use multiple neural networks instead. In
addition, EV makers are looking for next-generation centralized car computers that integrate a wide range of intelligent functions into
a single AI compute platform. Therefore, we provide an AI-based hardware and software solution, designed and implemented from
the ground up based on automotive safety standards, for the AV and EV market under the DRIVE brand, which we are bringing to
market through our partnerships with automotive OEMs,